Ah, what's the matter with you, daddy?
Dad, don't scare me
Hey, great.
The eyes are amazing
Now we're talking to death. Listen again, it's you, Brother Huang
You pissed my father off
You have to compensate me.
I want 800 million
What 800 million
It's not that you are poor and crazy
How do we have that kind of money?
Just give me that china vase and that jasmine seed.
Hey
Love, you are thinking about my baby.
You dream
Come on people, come on people
They wronged such a good man as my father
Bullied by them like this
Come here and see if you can piss people off
Awesome dad hasn't opened the door yet
The store is closed
Bad luck, what can we do?
Why not?
So lively
Huang Wen's little sister is so white
Aren't you a bridge?
Hey what's the matter
Ah, everyone has a glorious moment
Don't take a moment for forever
You pissed me off hehehe
Did you find this person?
A hundred causes must bear fruit
You must come to frame me as an old man
I don't know my father at all
Please wake up
These old people made you like this
It's just unreasonable
Somebody, somebody, somebody
Hey, don't talk nonsense.
We didn't do it at all
I saw you with my own eyes
Bullied my father like this
How dare you argue
You have to give me an explanation today.
Otherwise I won't go
Okay, you want to say it, right?
I'm taking her to the hospital now